gh-123596: Add missing tracebacklimit attribute to sys module (#125719)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-10-20-11-45-50.gh-issue-123596.HONVYS.rst

> Fix non-existent :attr:`sys.tracebacklimit` in :mod:`sys`. Patch by RUANG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix missing :attr:`sys.tracebacklimit` in :mod:`sys`. Patch by RUANG.
```
